war is gone guys
fusion droid here and welcome to another
minecraft pocket edition video and today
I have a very awesome mod done I'm going
to be showing you guys for the 0.12
point
and that mod is called the free D blocks
mod now we have free D blocks in MCPE
how awesome is that so if you guys enjoy
today's video make sure to drop a like
and leave a comment below and let's get
straight into this awesome awesome mod
alright guys so as you can tell by
before when I was in third person there
was this massive thing behind me and
that is the the free D blocks that come
with this mod so it's really really
awesome and there is another version
coming out and before I show you guys
these free d block so let's just look
away there's actually a new version
coming out like in the works right now
and when this video comes out it
possibly might be out or it might not be
so if it does come out I'll just update
the link and I won't make any separate
video because what's the point of that
so I'll just update the link and it's
starting to rain how good is that good
job started to rain okay alright let's
start this side that was a bit random
actually just starting to rain anyways
wait to keep doing it keep site looking
down but anyways we have the enchantment
table now this has the free D blocks on
its side so as you can see you have
little diamonds on the the corners and
it actually pops out so how awesome is
that
and also over here we have the stone
bricks so you actually get all this it's
in the creative inventory so if I go
into here and say we want the
enchantment table wherever that is I
finger went past it where are you buddy
am i okay no it's right there oh my
goodness so you just place on the ground
and basically it's going to have D free
D effect when you actually install the
mod so as you can see the stone bricks
we have 1 2 3 4 different type of stone
bricks and they all afridi as well how
or we'll sit and say hello mr. cow get
out of here
get get out so
here we have the glass and we have the
iron bars now I believe this is meant to
look like the 1.9 update for Minecraft
PC that's what it says in the forums I
don't really know because I don't really
play minecraft PC is so if any of you
guys do know if that actually looks like
it that would be pretty sick because it
does look a bit different if I was to
turn off the mod it would look
completely different I believe and I'm
actually gonna do that now just to do a
little test I'm going to disable the mod
go back into the world and see what it
looks like so I'll see you guys on the
other side alright so there we go
I disabled the mod and as you can see it
does look different as well as like this
as you can see it's not as free d so the
freedom mod actually makes the blocks
look much much better so let's actually
go and enable the mod so I can finish
off the rest which isn't showing because
you need the mod installed so I'll see
you guys on the other side again alright
so it just jumped back into the world
and the mod is now enabled and as you
can see it just makes it look much much
better in my opinion so let's go on with
the other stuff so we have a beacon as
well now to get this what you want to do
is go into the creative inventory and if
you go to this the bookshelf one and you
click down before the very very bottom
because there is a glass up the top if
you use that glass as you can see it's
basically gonna do nothing whatsoever
but if you click the bottom one it's
actually beacon and if you tap on the
ground as you can see this happens you
get a beacon but it doesn't actually
shine up like a normal beacon but you
get the free D block which is pretty
sweet as well since we don't actually
have it in Minecraft pokévision
sooo the next one is a pipe now to get
this you can go into the creative
inventory and click on the bookshelf
again and you can click on this pipe
thing this stone the stone brick
basically and if I just tap on the
ground as you can see you get this pipe
and then you can kind of make it some
kind of shape I guess I guess it doesn't
really do anything but it's a free D
block and it just looks really awesome
so you can make all these crazy shapes
like this with the pipe look at that I
made
some kind of zig zag thing all right so
the next one is V lucky last which is V
dragon egg look how cool that looks
actually a belief looks like the
Minecraft PC version of course it
doesn't actually do anything it's just
mainly for the looks but it looks pretty
sweet so to get that just go to the same
place and you should see it right there
next to the pipe and then you can just
spawn it onto the ground and yeah just
make a shape make some kind of thing of
these spawn eggs these dragon eggs so
that is the free D blocks mod in
Minecraft Pocket Edition I'll also leave
a screenshot on the screen right now of
a updated version that possibly might
come out very soon but I don't actually
have it while recording this and
basically there's going to be like free
D ladders as well so if I try the
ladders right now so these ones here I
think I see they look like this but if
you look at the screenshot now it looks
much much better which is really awesome
so that is basically it that's the mod
so if you guys don't know how to install
it I'll leave a video in the description
below and basically I'll tell you to
skip to the certain point where I
actually showed you yesterday on a mod
how to install it basically it's just
the same process so that is basically it
so hope you guys did enjoy it and if you
did make sure to drop a like and leave a
comment below and I'll see you guys in
the next video thanks watching guys
peace see ya